# andrew-profile https://andrew3586.github.io/andrew-profile/
Andrews Profile Project
As my study project I have created a professional portfolio in HTML and CSS. I have tried to make the site appealing to the eye and easy to read. I made it as inviting as possible so my future employer would get to know me as a person as well as my skills and past experiences. In my HTML coding I have created links that open up in a new web page, so my main site can easily refer back in case the user accidently removes the main page, if they were to open on the current tab. I chose my pictures to demonstrate my love for technology, and looking to the future.

I have also created lists to make my presentation to appear more organised and professional. Having also added a hover over effect on my buttons, so the user knows they are clickable and with some inviting styling. I have also made my HTML coding structured to enable for easy code reading. For styling for my website, in my HTML I have created classes and ID's and linked my CSS file.

In my CSS file I have linked up my style classes and properties to color, size, position, text align and more, to make my website appealing, professional and presentable. What I have also done is tried to keep my classes and properties in my CSS file in the same order as my HTML file, again to make the coding easy to read and identify which section it impacts.

Besides the project goals, it was essential that my Profile Project presented me in a professional, skillful and fun way, and that my coding skills were enough to accomplish this. I believe this allows any future perspective employer, person or company to get a real feel of what my passions are. I have learnt a great deal from this project example, the types of HTML and CSS functions and the options that are available to me and the more knowledge I gained made it easier to search Google for specific requirements and functions. My only regret is I didn't make the site responsive and having enough experience and knowledge to make it even better, but I know this will come with practice and time.

The process I followed was firstly to determine what I wanted my site to look like and planned the layout in HTML. I then chose specific components like pictures, text and links to compliment that layout. Once I got a good idea of my styling aspect I began aligning and enhancing my page through CSS to ensure it looked inviting and professional. For easy reading I applied a bullet point format, I also tried to focus on writing good content and not to lengthy to ensure it did not detract from being interesting, and this is why I created my two links to view both my resume and cover letter separately whereby they would open up in another tab, preventing my profile page from being crowded with content.

Finalising my project was a pedantic process as I wanted to ensure I got everything right and it was as perfect as I could make it to enhance the user experience and deliver on my passion for becoming a Full Stack Developer.